## Stuff on viral evolution

- The `NextStrain` app ([paper link](https://bedford.io/papers/hadfield-nextstrain/), [COVID-19 page](https://nextstrain.org/ncov))
-  "On the origin and continuing evolution of SARS-CoV-2", Tang et al., National Science Review, nwaa036, https://doi.org/10.1093/nsr/nwaa036 .


> Thus  far, we  found that, although  the  L type is  derived  from  the  S  type,  L (~70%) is  more prevalent  than  S (~30%)  among  the sequenced SARS-CoV-2  genomes we  examined.  This pattern  suggests that L  has  a  higher transmission  rate  than  the  S  type. Furthermore, our mutational  load  analysis  indicated that the  L  type  had  accumulated  a  significantly  higher number of derived mutations than S type (P< 0.0001, Wilcoxon rank-sum test; Fig. S5). We propose that, although the L type newly evolved from the ancient S type, it transmits faster or replicates faster  in human  populations,  causing it to  accumulate  more  mutations  than  the  S type. Thus,  our  results  suggest  the L might  be  more aggressive than  the  S type due  to the potentially higher transmission and/or replication rates. 

> If the L type is more aggressive than the S type, why did the relative frequency of the L type decrease compared  to  the  S  type in  other  places  after  the  initial  breakout  in  Wuhan?  One possible explanation  is  that, since  January  2020, the  Chinese  central  and  local  governments have taken rapid and comprehensive prevention   and   control   measures.   These human intervention  efforts  might  have  caused  severe  selective  pressure against the  L  type,  which might be more aggressive and spread more quickly. The S type, on the other hand, might have experienced  weaker  selective  pressure  by  human  intervention,  leading  to  an  increase  in  its relative  abundance  among  the SARS-CoV-2 viruses.  Thus,  we  hypothesized that the  two types  of SARS-CoV-2 viruses  might  have experienced  different  selective  pressures  due  to different  epidemiological  features. Of  note,  the  above  analyses  were  based  on  very  patchy SARS-CoV-2  genomes  that  were  collected  from  different  locations  and  time  points.  More comprehensive genomic data is required for further testing of our hypothesis.
