# HR meeting, 13 Apr 2021

- how do you prefer to get information about covid?
  [social media / email / other]

- how do we help wrt vaccine hesitancy?

- university will probably provide paid time to go and get vaccinated
  for staff

- HR met with YouTuber about communication/targeting different populations
- trying to figure out how to encourage vaccination

- what else should we be doing?

- idea is to open campus for some level of student experience
- every student should come (or be encouraged to come) to Hamilton and have some student experience
- want to give every level of undergrad an experience, which could just be
  an extra-curricular, or cohorted large lectures
- which are the critical/required/most meaningful courses/experiences?
- not clear what to do with students who don't want to come to campus
- everyone will have a virtual option; no one will be required to come
  to campus
- probably a mixture of solutions
- probably all TA office hours will be virtual
- a previous survey showed 80+% of people are looking for remote work when they leave McMaster

when will this be done?
- depends on how quickly we pull it together and get REB approval

can we require it?
- have to ask our student colleagues
- students have already registered; can't make it a condition of registration
- could insist on digital badge that they have completed the survey in
  order to enter campus buildings

campus surveillance (distinct from regular survey idea)
- could require this daily so we know how many vaccinated vs
  unvaccinated people there are in the campus community
- tell faculty as part of your coming back, you must fill in this survey
- flash phone when entering a building
- ideally vaccine info would automatically go to a central site so
  everybody can see what proportion of the campus community is vaccinated.
- McMaster would benefit from aggregate data in a dashboard
- example dashboard from U Illinois: https://splunk-public.machinedata.illinois.edu/en-US/account/login?return_to=%2Fen-US%2Fapp%2Fuofi_shield_public_APP%2Fhome
- secure data aggregation behind the scenes
- have a McMaster form/app instead of the province's so we can do
  something with the data afterwards; ensure privacy requirements
- REB approval would give a greater sense of confidence, so HR
  actually prefers that this be linked to a research project
- will not be onerous; current McMaster safety app takes you to
  provincial site and isn't a big deal
- but we don't collect that data at the moment, so cannot do what U
  Illinois is doing

# how to move forward

- we have some thinking to do
- not clear what PH protocols will be in September
- should get Sean's thoughts (AVP Dean of Students); Wanda will talk to him
- what data do we need? for what purpose? what is most helpful to
  inform planning? the community? research?
- Gaelene (AVP technology officer) would implement the technological details
- do we or don't we need a screening tool?
- Wanda will follow up with Gaelne, Sean and the provost
- do we want a large scale tool or a simple survey? or both?
- first question should be: do you agree to have your information
  shared in aggregate? for research purposes and/or part of due
  diligence for university?

# further notes

- continue to explore what would be helpful from research angle
- can we provide assurances / address vaccine hesitancy?
- can it be built-in to a more active info gathering tool for the
fall?
- is that viable/helpful?  what is the research angle?
- when is the best time to start the survey?
	- depends what the goals of the survey are
	- if to inform September planning, then we need to do it soon
- already have an app, so focus on content of survey, not implementation
- a simple question of whether you intend to get your vaccine would be
  a huge help for planning
- international students arrive 15 Aug; app needs to be in place by
  July 1st to make sure it has been tested sufficiently before
  students arrive
- probably maximum 10 questions, 7 would be better; length that fits on
  one screen is best
- university can cough up funds for RAs; HR can also help with basic admin from HR team
- let's reconvene within the next two weeks
- probably meet next Mon 26 April, btw 11-3
- anybody else in our lab that wants to participate in helping making this happen?
