# Lab meeting schedule and minutes

## Schedule

|Date|Topic|Details|
|-:|:-|:-|
|`2023-07-06`|TBD||
|`2023-06-29`|TBD||
|`2023-06-22`|debugging in R|tentative workshop (volunteers?)|
|`2023-06-15`|[Multiple models for outbreak decision support in the face of uncertainty](https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2207537120)|SW may lead| 
|`2023-06-08`|[Caroline Mburu](https://www.lshtm.ac.uk/research/centres/centre-mathematical-modelling-infectious-diseases/news/341666/spotlight-caroline-mburu) talk|in the _public_ Zoom|
|`2023-06-01`|How should lab meetings be organized?||


## Minutes

### 2023-06-01

* People like the idea of doing more software workshops, not necessarily 
  every week, perhaps following up on 
  [last summer's workshops](https://hackmd.io/@dushoff/theobioSummerLearning).
* MR suggested that people should "sign up" for a week and organize,
  without necessarily leading, a topic for that week.
* MJ will help JD reorganize the lab repo.
* DE dropped remarks about Faculty Opinions (formerly Faculty of 1000) 
  in [`misc/FacultyOpinions.md`](./misc/FacultyOpinions.md).
